Document exemplars option for hubble httpV2 metrics (#23620)
cilium/cilium: Documentation/observability/metrics.rst

            regex: (.+)(?::\d+);(\d+)
            replacement: $1:$2

> .. _hubble_open_metrics:

Reviewer: I'm somewhat confused by this section. It sounds a bit like OpenMetrics == exemplars, while Hubble metrics without exemplars enabled are OpenMetrics-compatible. It would be helpful IMO to make it clearer what changes (if anything) when `hubble.metrics.enableOpenMetrics=true` is set, but `exemplars` option is not enabled.

Reviewer: Yeah, a link to the upstream docs is enough, and it's clear that exemplars require OpenMetrics enabled. What confused me a bit is this part:
```
Prometheus (...) will only use OpenMetrics format when the exemplars storage feature is enabled
```
I thought Prometheus uses OpenMetrics internally if metrics are compatible, regardless of whether it has exemplars storage or not? If exemplars are not enabled, this doesn't matter from Hubble perspective. Just this part sounded to me like OpenMetrics == exemplars.

Reviewer: I added a small suggestion. The docs are clear to me overall, just the format negotiation is a Prometheus detail, so I'd try to avoid confusion about it here.

enables associating metrics with traces by embedding trace IDs into the
exported metrics.

Prometheus needs to be configured to take advantage of OpenMetrics and will

> only use OpenMetrics format when the `exemplars storage feature is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only scrape exemplars when the `exemplars storage feature is enabled
```
